Minor update of variable.md (#369)
spglib/spglib: doc/variable.md

**Attention**: In Python interface, `lattice` is transposed
({ref}`py_variables_crystal_structure`).

Basis vectors (in Cartesian coordinates)

```
[ [ a_x, b_x, c_x ],
  [ a_y, b_y, c_y ],
  [ a_z, b_z, c_z ] ]
```

> See {ref}`basis vectors <def_basis_vectors>` and {ref}`point coordinates <def_point_coordinates>` for more details.

Reviewer: Minor note, you can use markdown linkage.
```suggestion
See [basis vectors](../definition.md#def_basis_vectors) and [point coordinates](../definition.md#def_point_coordinates) for more details.
```

https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/syntax/cross-referencing.html

You can probably even drop the `../definition.md`, but I would prefer toinclude it because it makes it more navigable

Author: Thanks. I updated to cross-referencing as shown in d1103a1. The way `../definition.md` didn't work on my computer setting, so I dropped those.

Reviewer: Good to know. That must have been because a global anchor was used
